docs: add troubleshooting tip for random plugin loading errors (#1368)
myparcelnl/woocommerce: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Make your changes

> ### In case of random error:

Reviewer: I think Copilot is right here, "In case of random error:" seems a bit vague

> If you encounter a random error when loading the plugin, try running the following command:

Reviewer: same here?

> If you encounter a random error when loading the plugin, try running the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you run into issues where the plugin settings or other screens do not render, you may resolve these by running the following command:
```
